absolute unit of Parmesan it's heavy
after running some numbers doing some
quick Mental Math this is 48 000
calories of cheese straight from the
brick
pure the lady at the store was
Bamboozled when I asked for half a
cheese wheel so she only would sell me a
quarter we're gonna try our best to make
a bowl out of that now we made the bowl
we can't throw in the pasta dry so
combine some butter wine cream garlic
kussos grass and some of that Palm
recovered out melted down nice creamy
sauce a little taglitelli pasta throw it
in there the hot pasta will melt that
fresh parm off the walls as well
gotta have some meat in there baby
crispy prosciutto some chives to garnish
I've been wanting to make this forever
and it did not disappoint at all